Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
No, I'm not saying that you made it up.
I believe you heard something.
Do you? 'Cause it really
doesn't sound like it.
- I'm gonna take the next one.
- No, Dad, no, come.
- We have rats.
- Or we don't.
We've had two exterminators
go through everything.
- "We"?
- Yes, we, Dad.
We are cohabitating,
and we do have rats.
- We'll talk about this later.
- Yes, we will.
How about that snow, huh?
Springtime in Chicago.
I know what I heard, okay?
We just have to get an
exterminator who knows
what he's doing.
- Hey, Maggie?
- Mm-hmm.
I wanna FaceTime with
Owen before his nap.
I set an alarm on my
phone for an hour from now,
but if I get swamped, can you remind me?
- Sure.
- He was already asleep
when I got home last
night and still conked out
when I left this morning.
I've hardly seen him lately.
Don't worry... I'll remind you.
It hurts like hell, I know.
We're gonna get you upstairs
and the surgeon will fix
the holes the bullet
left in your intestines.
They'll take good care of you.
Dr. Choi, incoming. Trauma 2's open.
Elliot Gallagher, 17,
got beat up at school.
Multiple facial trauma,
chest wall contusions,
GCS of 15 with history
of loss of consciousness.
Elliot, I'm Dr. Choi. Can
you tell us what happened?
Those guys, they caught me.
Make sure his parents are notified.
Let's transfer on my count. Ready?
One, two, three.
Elliot, can you take
a deep breath for me?
Again?
That hurt?
- No.
- Good breath sounds.
Let's get him off the
board and get a chest X-ray.
Right away.
Lungs are up and no broken ribs.
Looks like they're just bruised.
Let's give him 50 of fentanyl for pain.
On it.
Can you turn your head side to side?
Chin to chest?
Good, c-spine's clear.
Elliot, follow the light for me.
Your right eye doesn't
look the same as your left.
I think the orbit's fractured.
Your nose is also broken.
I'm going to quickly realign it.
Pain meds should be working by now.
Sorry.
Hope they caught the boys who did this.
I deserved it.
You gotta castrate me.
What?
I want you to castrate me.
Please.
Synced and corrected by Aaronnmb
www.addic7ed.com
Are his ankles swollen?
Just look down and check.
Damn it. Yeah, all right. I'm on my way.
- Everything all right?
- Not really.
That was my brother. He's with my dad.
The man's stubborn beyond all belief.
He's had mitral valve regurge
for, like, the last ten years.
Oh, man, faulty valves are tricky.
Yeah, and I don't like
what Jay's describing.
I gotta get to the L station.
Why doesn't your brother bring him in?
Dad hates doctors. Did
I mention he's stubborn?
- Well, don't you have a car?
- I sold it.
Hey, look, man,
waiting for the L train's
just gonna slow you down.
Why don't you take mine?
Actually, I'd like to take you.
- I'll get my coat.
- All right.
I think about sex all the time.
You're 17. It's really...
It's not that unusual.
Sex is for procreation. That's all.
Oh, so how did you come
to that understanding?
My parents.
The reason those guys beat me up...
I was climbing on a
dumpster by the girls' gym
and was looking in a window...
to the shower.
It sounds to me like grounds
for disciplinary action,
maybe, but, I mean, not a beating.
I mean, certainly not castration.
Blonde girls. It's...
it's blonde... blonde
girls. I follow them.
There's this one girl, Lacey.
She's blonde.
I sit behind her in trig.
One day, I...
I cut this off.
She didn't notice.
I'm afraid of... of what I'm gonna do.
I... I was looking up castration online.
They can do it with drugs.
That's what I want...
chemical castration.
I don't wanna hurt her.
Or anyone.
Elliot is very troubled.
The poor kid is just
consumed with sexual thoughts.
Aren't most kids his age?
Yeah, but he's been raised
to believe that sex is wrong
unless it's for procreation.
And repressing his
natural urges is triggering
aggressive impulses, which
he's struggling to control.
- Aggressive?
- He fetishizes blondes.
Stalks them.
We're talking about a sexual predator?
Not a psychopath. I
mean, he has a conscience.
I mean, I think he could definitely
benefit from therapy, but...
I'm not ruling out those meds.
- Chemical castration, really?
- It's temporary, Ethan.
Raping somebody isn't.
We would need the parents' consent.
Dr. Manning, a three-year-old with
a bilateral lower extremity paresis
and gingival lesions in Treatment 4.
Hey, you wanna give me a hand with this?
Sure.
Hi, I'm Dr. Manning, and this
is Mr. Clark, a medical student.
- Hi.
- He's gonna be assisting me.
I'm Amelia. This is my son, Troy.
Hi, Troy. I hear
you're not feeling well.
Troy is speech-delayed.
He only says a few words.
Okay.
I'm gonna check you out. Okay, buddy?
When did this start happening?
A couple weeks ago, he woke up limping.
When it kept getting worse,
I took him in for X-rays,
but they didn't show anything.
The doctor wanted him
to rest for a week,
but it isn't getting any better.
They've been okay at work,
but I... I gotta get Troy well.
I understand.
This morning, his gums started bleeding.
Hey, let me check your chompers, bud.
- Ulcerations.
- Hmm.
He looks quite thin.
Has his appetite been affected?
He's always been a picky eater.
I've got one like that too.
All right, we'll get
a copy of his X-rays.
The leg pain and weakness could
be coming from a lot of things,
so we'll get a CAT scan of
his spine and some blood work,
and hopefully we'll get some answers.
All right.
- Chocky.
- Not now, sweetie, okay?
Chocky, now.
He wants some chocolate milk.
Well, I think we have some
of that in the cafeteria.
I'll have some sent in.
We'll check back in a little while.
All right, here are the rest of them.
Why all the dolls?
As part of my psych residency,
I have to teach high school kids
the responsibilities of having a baby,
so hopefully they'll
exercise a little caution.
Ah.
The sound circuit is
adapted to convert audio data
into analog audio output at the...
speaker. Oh.
Oh, man, too bad you can't
do that with a real baby.
- Okay, can I see it?
- Mm-hmm.
Ah, peripheral port is
coupled to the micro-controller
and connects to the host computer?
Uh-huh, so I can monitor
how the kids are doing.
- It's ridiculous.
- What? Why?
These are cool.
No, I have no maternal instincts.
I have no connection to babies.
I have no intention of having one.
Oh, I'm right there with you.
Good luck.
- Robin?
- Oh, hey.
What's looking good?
I can't decide.
This is where you grew up, huh?
Yep, played a lot of
ball on this street.
Everybody knew everybody.
All the grandmas would
sit on the front porches.
They were like the
original neighborhood watch.
Up there, Mrs. Riley hated noise.
She used to throw a pot
of boiling water out at us.
Caught Jay on the foot one time.
Little different than
the Gold Coast, huh?
It's nice.
- Hey, Pop.
- What are you doing here?
I called him.
Wasted trip.
- I don't need you.
- Are you kidding me?
You missed two days of work,
and you never miss work.
Pop, this is Connor Rhodes.
He's another doc at the Med.
Told you I don't need this.
Come on, you can barely talk.
I'm gonna take medical
advice from someone
who wet the bed till he was nine?
Never changes.
I gotta get back to the district.
Thanks, Jay.
Don't let the door
hit you on the way out.
Mr. Halstead, I'm seeing
some things that tell me
that your heart isn't working very well.
Your fingertips are purple.
You're having a hard
time breathing, and...
your energy seems depleted.
Had this heart thing forever.
It's... it's never been a problem.
Do you mind if I have a listen?
If it'll get you two off my ass.
Apical holosystolic murmur
and the lungs are wet.
In English?
It means that your heart
has been compensating
for the faulty valve
for a very long time,
and now it can't keep up,
so fluid is backing up into your lungs.
It literally means you're
drowning in your own blood.
We need to get you to the hospital.
- I'll call an ambulance.
- Like hell you will.
I'll be damned if I'll
have neighbors see me
hauled out of here in an ambulance.
- Mr. Halstead...
- No.
If we're going, I'm driving.
Oh, no, no, we'll drive.
Ah! I got it.
- I'll call the ambulance.
- No!
Just move your asses.
April, I got a patient walking
into the ambulance entrance.
- Can you get a wheelchair ready?
- Walking in?
Uh-huh, it's Dr. Halstead's dad.
- Hey, you're going to Treatment 6.
- Yep.
Problems getting an ambulance?
- No, problem with the patient.
- I don't need that.
- I got it, I got it.
- Okay.
Easy on the bed.
Damn it, I got it.
All right, let's get him hooked up.
Will, you wanna get him on oxygen?
- Yep, Pop...
- Yeah?
... on a scale of 1 to
10, how bad's the pain?
I've had gas that hurt worse.
All right, T wave
inversions, ST depressions.
It looks like he's having a NSTEMI.
Let's give him 81 milligrams of aspirin
and a dose of nasal nitro.
Let's get cardiac labs,
CBC, CMP, coags, and a chest X-ray.
He's gonna need a formal
echo, but, in the meantime,
let's take a quick look at
the heart with the ultrasound.
Clear.
Bilateral pleural
effusion and congestion.
Yep, you see here?
Mitral valve is wide open
and the LV is dilated.
Mr. Halstead, it's just like we thought.
Your heart is working way too hard
to compensate for your bad valve.
First time I've ever heard of
hard work being a bad thing.
- You got a fix?
- We will.
We're gonna get you an angiogram,
and it'll give us a full
picture of your heart,
and then we're gonna figure out a plan.
Let's get him up to the cath lab.
Don't worry, Pop. We can beat this.
Who the hell's worried?
All right, let's go.
Will?
My dad, his heart. He needs a cath.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Let me know how it goes.
Natalie?
Head lac in Treatment 2.
I'll shoot you the chart.
And don't forget to FaceTime
Owen as soon as you're out, okay?
Oh, thank you.
- The three-year-old.
- Mm-hmm?
Test results are back.
CT was clean, blood work
indicates mild anemia.
Mm, nothing to explain
the limping or the lesions.
Maybe we're dealing with lead
poisoning or some sort of tox?
Yeah, um, let's do a tox workup
and look for heavy metals,
and get a babygram while you're at it.
Okay. It could also be abuse.
- Let's not go there yet.
- Can I help you?
- It's our son, Elliot.
- They said he was in a fight.
We got here as quick as we could.
- We got a call from his school.
- Okay, Dr. Choi?
- He'll take you to him.
- Dr. Choi, Stan Gallagher.
- This is my wife, Debbie.
- What happened?
Uh, Elliot got into an
altercation at school
and suffered an orbital
blowout fracture.
The eye surgeons want
to get him to surgery.
He's right here.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my poor baby.
Elliot, who did this to you?
He's still a little
groggy from the pain meds.
Why don't we let him rest while we talk?
The bracelets you're
wearing have a sensor
which registers when you feed,
bathe, or diaper the baby.
If you shake the baby
to stop its crying,
it will shut down and
register as being abused.
Are you a real doctor?
Sometimes I wonder.
Uh, anyways,
uh, recent studies
have shown that talking,
reading and singing to babies
is crucial for early brain development,
80% of which occurs during
the first three years of life.
These dolls record the
amount of time you spend
doing these activities, so,
obviously, the more, the better.
Need anything, Dr. Reese?
Uh, no, I'm fine, Mr. Sexton.
Any questions?
I don't get it.
We're supposed to be talking to a doll?
Or reading or singing, mm-hmm.
Any other questions?
What operating system are the dolls on?
I don't know, and, really,
why is that relevant?
I have PE today. What should
I do with the doll then?
That is a problem you
will have to deal with.
The point of this is
to understand the impact
having a baby would have on your life.
I will see you all at the end of the day
to check on your dolls.
So a kid got beat up.
What does he need a psychiatrist for?
Well, Elliot was caught peeping on girls
- in the shower at school.
- Oh, my God.
Wait till I get him home.
But much more troubling
are some violent impulses
that, so far, he hasn't acted upon.
And there is something we can do.
Elliot wants us to give him a medication
that would turn off his testosterone.
This would significantly
decrease his sex drive
and make it much easier for
him to control these impulses,
but we do need your permission to do it.
"Turn off his testosterone"?
What exactly are you talking about?
The medical term is chemical castration.
- What?
- It's completely reversible.
The idea would be to combine
it with traditional therapy
with the hope of ultimately
weaning him off the medication.
No, no way.
Elliot could very well be
on the verge of acting out
on some very disturbing impulses,
including rape.
He would never do anything like that.
You people are sick.
Again, this was your son's idea.
Elliot is torn up about this.
He's scared he may not
be able to stop himself.
This is ridiculous.
Fix his eye, and we're taking him home.
- Where's your dad?
- The restroom.
He shouldn't be up after his cath.
He couldn't use a bedpan?
Practically threw it at my head.
- I'm here if you need me.
- I won't.
So, Mr. Halstead,
the results of your cardiac cath show
that your heart has been
under stress for so long
from the mitral valve regurgitation...
that it's basically giving up.
This is why I told you to
get it checked regularly.
If we knew about the regurge,
we could've gotten ahead of this.
Yeah, so what? I'll fix it now.
Well, there's another
issue, unfortunately.
Your left anterior descending
artery is 80% blocked.
Now, that is the largest artery.
It supplies half the heart with blood.
The question is "Am I done?"
I can do a surgical
replacement of the valve,
and, while I'm in there,
do a bypass for the blocked artery.
Are you talking open heart surgery?
It would involve
opening your chest, yes.
Now, if you wanted to go non-surgical,
a cardiologist could place
a clip on the mitral valve
to try and control the regurge
and do angioplasty...
to open up the blocked artery.
Do you have a good cardiologist?
We do, but I... I strongly recommend
that you let me operate.
The long-term results of
surgery are much better.
Mm-hmm, exactly.
I'm going non-surgical.
- Pop...
- Hey, if you don't like it,
you don't have to be here.
Fine.
I'll set it up.
Yeah.
Hey.
Now, you know I should be
cracking his chest, right?
So why did you give in?
Hey, you're the one who gave
him the non-surgical option.
No, I laid out his choices, Will.
- I pushed for the surgery.
- Not hard enough.
You're his son.
You should be the one
trying to convince him.
He won't listen to me.
My dad considers me
something of a disappointment.
Oh, yeah, he didn't even
want me to go to college.
Says a real man goes right to work.
He doesn't give a damn
what I have to say.
So why don't you get Jay
to try to talk to him?
It won't help.
No, Jay and him have their own history.
Everything's coming back normal.
Maybe we're dealing with
some sort of weird vasculitis.
Henoch-Schonlein purpura
or Kawasaki disease?
Or possibly an infectious
disease or rickettsia
like Rocky Mountain Fever...
- Chocky, now!
- It's okay, baby.
We'll get you some chocky.
Uh, the chocolate milk never came?
No, the cafeteria was out,
and he won't drink the plain.
Well, you can't fault a kid for
knowing what he likes, right?
Is there something else that he likes?
Graham crackers.
When I get home at night,
all he wants is chocolate
milk and graham crackers.
It's hard not to give in
when it's late, and I'm tired.
Let me go see what I can find.
Uh, you said he's picky at night.
Is he better during the day?
I'm pretty sure he eats other things.
Pretty sure?
He has a couple sitters.
The neighbor's kid, the woman upstairs.
It's possible they're not
as firm as they ought to be.
I can't afford daycare.
I understand.
I'm gonna send a nurse in
to draw blood for one more test.
Mr. and Mrs. Gallagher,
I need to get Elliot up
to pre-op holding.
The eye surgeon will be
calling for him any minute.
We'll be in the waiting room.
I'm guessing your parents
told you they wouldn't approve
the chemical castration.
No,
but my mom read me Thessalonians 4:3.
God's will is for you to be holy,
so stay away from sexual
sin and immorality.
Both Dr. Charles and I tried,
but since you're still a minor...
Yeah, I figured.
All right, whatever.
Look,
I'll talk to Dr. Charles
and see if we can come up
with some other options.
All right, numbers look good.
Breathing great.
Feel like I could pitch nine innings.
It's what every team wants...
a 60-something starter
with a bum ticker.
At least nobody had to cut
my chest open to fix it.
Admit it, kid, I was right.
You got that fancy degree,
but I'm still the one calling the shots.
I didn't say this course
of treatment wouldn't work.
I was more concerned
with the long-term.
That right?
'Cause to me it looks like
you're back-pedaling so much
you're gonna start sweating.
Oh, believe me, that is the
last you'll hear about it.
Yeah.
Well, since you made me
miss the end of the game,
let's, uh,
see if I can find some highlights.
I guess I should start with an apology.
And for the foreseeable future...
The cleanest, whitest white.
Yeah?
Hey, Dr. Charles,
you... you got a second?
- Uh, yeah, kind of.
- Okay.
I'm worried about Robin.
She... she's not acting like herself.
Hmm.
She is, uh, she's convinced
that there's rats in my condo,
but I haven't seen them or heard them,
and no exterminator can find them.
Rats can be pretty clever.
Not that clever.
And, aside from that, lately I...
there are times when
I find Robin just...
staring off into space.
Well, I mean, that's not that odd.
I mean, I do that all the time.
- It must be a family trait.
- I think it's more than that.
How so?
Like I said, she's not
acting like herself.
I... I just feel like there's
something off with her.
Well, I mean, there is
that new living situation.
Cohabitation can be awful stressful.
Dr. Charles, I hope you realize
that I wouldn't have come here
if I didn't think this was important.
And you know what? I appreciate that,
but I was supposed to be
on a conference call, like,
two minutes ago, so can
we pick this up later?
Yeah, all right, you bet.
- Well, thank you for your time.
- Thank you.
- Did you find anything?
- We did.
Based on Troy's limited diet,
we checked his vitamin C levels.
The results show a
significant deficiency.
Well below normal.
Troy has scurvy.
It's what's causing his symptoms.
I don't understand.
Scurvy? Isn't that something
sailors used to get?
It was, historically, but anybody with
prolonged dietary
deficiencies is susceptible.
Well, how is that possible?
We were surprised too.
It's not something we see.
It's been all but eradicated
in developed countries
because it's easily preventable
with a balanced diet.
You mean he's sick
because of what he eats?
More like what he doesn't eat.
It's a parent's job, Ms. Bohlen,
to make sure their children
get nutritious foods.
- Excuse me?
- This never should have happened.
You should have been
monitoring Troy's diet.
That's easy for you to say.
You know nothing about my life.
I work two jobs to support my son.
I am gone from 6:00
a.m. to 8:00 at night.
You have no right to judge.
I would do anything to protect him.
Excuse me.
Please explain the course of treatment.
Mr. Halstead, I'm Sharon Goodwin,
executive director of
patient and medical services.
I thought I should say hello.
Well, how you doing?
Well, better question
is, how are you doing?
Oh, other than a lack of
sports channels in this place,
I'm feeling pretty all right.
You know, we think quite
highly of your son around here.
Oh, kid's got you snowed, huh?
You know, you look a little pale.
Are you sure you're feeling okay?
I'm fine.
Page Dr. Rhodes.
I'm concerned about your breathing.
I'm gonna increase your oxygen.
- What happened?
- He's throwing runs of PVCs.
Give him the ultrasound.
How you feeling, Mr. Halstead?
Like I just told her, I'm feeling fine.
I don't think you're doing
as well as you say you are.
Why don't we have a look, huh?
Half the mitral valve clip came off.
It's flopping around. We
need to get you to surgery.
Can you fix it? Like before?
No, we can't. We need
to operate, and quickly.
If the other half comes
loose, the clip could end up
in your brain or somewhere else
you definitely don't want it.
Wait...
This is not up for
discussion, Mr. Halstead.
No, just... just don't tell Will.
I don't wanna have to hear him crowing.
We won't, but I'm afraid
he's going to find out anyway.
Yeah, yeah, okay.
Sorry, hold on.
Hey, what's up?
I can't find my wallet.
Oh, let me get it.
My coffee, her yogurt.
Come on, go sit down.
I think someone stole it.
Oh, my God, now I'm going to
have to cancel my credit cards
and get a new driver's license.
- That it?
- Oh, thank God.
Ah, the old side pocket.
Is everything okay, honey?
Damn it, Dad, I know that look.
You're trying to shrink me.
- We're just talking.
- We're having some coffee...
No, we're not just talking.
You never just talk to me.
- It is always a psych evaluation.
- Robin, come on.
Just because you are a head case, Dad,
does not mean that I am.
Stop looking for things
that aren't there.
Thank you for your participation.
Thank you. Uh, Marla,
would you hang back a sec?
- Uh, sure.
- Yeah, okay.
- Your score, very impressive.
- Thanks.
You fed it regularly
at two-hour intervals
and verbally interacted
a total of six hours.
You said more was better.
Uh, how did you have
time to do anything else?
Uh, multi-tasking.
You hacked your doll.
What? No.
Okay, just because I am 26,
don't think I am some old fool.
This score is impossible.
Marla.
Yeah, I hacked it.
Don't worry, Mr. Halstead.
We're gonna get that mitral valve fixed.
Damn it.
The kid was right.
Not so much a kid anymore, is he?
No.
Did you know he put
himself through college?
I told him... told him
it was a waste of time
and damned if I was gonna pay for it.
Well, I'm sure you're very proud of him.
That doesn't even begin to say it.
He made something of his life.
He's a better man than I am.
I don't think he feels that way, sir.
And I'm sure that he
wouldn't want you to either.
We need to get started,
Mr. Halstead, are you ready?
Yeah.
I spoke to the surgeon.
Everything went great.
Once the dressing is off, your vision
should be back to normal.
I'll be back in a bit to check on you.
Hey.
I went off on that boy's mom.
Oh?
- But it was really about me.
- Mm.
I wasn't mad at her.
I was mad at myself.
Am I a horrible mother?
Yes, you are.
Nat, you're just having
working mom's guilt.
Relax, man, Dad's too stubborn to die.
Any word?
Not yet.
I heard you were there when
he went back into failure.
- Mm-hmm.
- Thanks for jumping in.
Well, it's good to
flex the nursing muscles
every now and then.
He did great.
Brand new mitral valve
is fully functioning.
Shouldn't give him any more problems.
Told you.
- Thanks, man.
- You got it.
- Nice work, Dr. Rhodes.
- Thank you.
Well, I'm gonna head back to the house
'cause he's probably
gonna need some stuff.
- Mm-hmm.
- All right?
- See you, Jay.
- Yeah.
Thanks, Connor.
If my dad hadn't pulled through...
Yeah.
I gotta say, man, what you guys have?
It's pretty great.
Are you serious?
All we do is fight.
Yeah, well, me and my
dad... we barely even talk.
That doesn't sound too bad to me.
Take my word for it, Will.
You got a good thing going.
Elliot?
Elliot, what are you doing?
She looked cold.
Step away from her.
Now.
Elliot.
Elliot. Elliot, open the door.
Page security!
Elliot!
Elliot?
I need a gurney with soft restraints
and some ABD pads.
Get me some ice and 50
mics fentanyl IV now,
and page Urology.
Just relax, Elliot, Elliot, Elliot.
Just relax, buddy.
The procedure to repair the
testicles is complicated,
but the urologist is optimistic.
How did this happen?
What did we do?
You know, in my
experience, there's actually
very little to be gained
from looking backwards.
The important thing to focus on is...
"what do you do now?"
Hey.
I just saw Natalie.
She told me your dad's in the hospital.
Yeah, mitral valve and blockage.
He should be awake now.
I'm headed up.
Will, I'm glad he's doing well, but...
how come I had to hear it
from Natalie and not you?
Yeah, sorry.
It's been a little crazy.
You had time to tell her.
Listen, why don't you come with me?
If Dad's up for it, I'll introduce you.
No, just let me know how he's doing.
I will.
- Yeah?
- Am I interrupting?
Actually, I'm glad you're here.
I have something to show you.
Proof that we have got rats.
I picked up some of their droppings.
I don't understand. They
were... they were here.
They were here!
Weren't they?
Honey, I'm saying this
as a dad, not a shrink.
I would just feel a whole lot
better if we could get somebody
to, you know, take
a... take a look at you.
What do you say?
Okay.
So did you flunk her?
- No, I couldn't.
- Mm.
She was overwhelmed.
She's taking all these AP courses
and doing all that extracurricular
stuff that you gotta do
- to get into a good college.
- Man, I hear you.
Math Club?
- A lot of better ways to spend my time.
- Mm-hmm.
And the thing is, I did it too.
I hacked my doll when
I was in high school
'cause I was overwhelmed.
Nice.
I mean, to tell you the
truth, Noah, the real reason
I don't wanna have kids...
is it's too hard.
I... How is anybody
supposed to do it all?
Nah, you'd be good at it.
Why do you say that?
I watched you.
You're like that girl,
cagey, resourceful.
You can't hack a real baby, Noah.
Yeah, you're right, all right.
And what do you mean, you watched me?
You know.
- Hey.
I heard your dad's doing well.
Yeah, I'm sure he's making
the nurses miserable.
They can handle it.
- I better get up there.
- Okay.
We're waiting for a bed,
then we'll transfer Troy upstairs.
We're gonna get you feeling
better soon, okay, buddy?
It takes a few weeks
to get back to normal,
but his prognosis is good.
He should have a full recovery.
You waiting for a thank you?
One of our social workers is
gonna come in and talk to you
about nutrition, help
you with Troy's diet.
And I'm sorry.
I know it isn't easy
holding everything together.
And, to tell you the truth,
every day, I worry if I'm
doing right by my kid, so.
Okay.
Thanks.
All right. Hang in there, champ.
Hey, Pop, how you feeling?
Like I took one on the chin.
You kind of did.
Maybe now, if something's
cooked in bacon grease,
you'll think twice?
You know, in fact,
we need to have a talk
about all the junk food you eat.
And the beer.
What? I mean it.
When we get home, there're
gonna be some changes.
Thanks, kid.
Yeah.
I love you.
Love you too.
Who is that? Can you say hi?
- Can you say hi?
- Hi.
- Yes, oh.
Synced and corrected by Aaronnmb
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org